but if I want to find wilderness I'm
gonna have to put in a bit more effort
I'm heading north to one of Japan's most
remote and exposed outposts
yes our first sign of animals
these here are deer droppings all these
bamboo sheets have also been nibbled off
by deer it's a it's impossible to tell
how fresh this stuff is I mean it would
freeze solid pretty much the second it
hit the ground where they're out there
which means you're gonna have a pretty
good chance of finding them
the sheer otoko Peninsula is a wildlife
paradise
it's home to Sika deer and in late
summer salmon migrate along these
pristine streams hundreds of bears gorge
on the fish before hibernating under
these sparse mat-su pines and in a few
weeks they'll emerge again with the
spring thaw
oh yeah hey it's our dear little quite
well camouflage notion considering
they're such large animals but quite
well camouflaged and amongst the trees
up there the snug there's really deep
looks like a good almost probably waist
deep on me and they've they spotted us
they're moving off now quite far away
definitely hoping we get places than
that if they're up on the hills that's
where I've got to go
so I've ditched the skis and try to
track them on foot this snow's quite
soft here quite deep not ideal
conditions for tracking anything let
alone very sensitive deer they move with
Amazing Grace and these through this
snow and I'm all over the place
I'm guessing the main group is just over
this Ridge night ahead of me here Oh big
an arm core they just finally sawing you
know they credible screech they just
have a good look at me fantastic what an
amazing sound I reckon we've got our
first fully mature stag said to rest it
up on the skyline up there it's way way
larger than any of the males we've seen
so far and peppered around the hillsides
here there's lots of other days as well
they're probably his hiring he's
actually no there's three of them up
there
it's three big mouths altogether that's
seems like kind of strange behavior you
see to imagine the the big male is kind
of taking care of his harem and really
keeping the other males away but the
three of them are right out close
together fantastic
well work the chat lips and frozen nose